Update the engine to 1.1.12 version (#10346)
ihhub/fheroes2: changelog.txt

- display month, week and day in the castle construction screen
- add ability to switch between towns/castles in Mage Guild
- update calculation display of hero's remaining spell points in the spell point bar
- improve the Town Gate description
- add "4 Dimensions" map
- add new Mass Dispel icon
- fix Castle dialog's status bar flickering
- use bigger EXIT button for Puzzle dialog
- update the French translation
- update Random Ultimate Artifact icon
- add translation support for Hero's and Town's names for Resurrection maps
- add a button to toggle on/off all Secondary Skills in Witch's Hut
- fix incorrect AI army pre-battle optimization for flying units
- add missing button mapping for Switch
- use ISO 639-1 standard for language abbreviations
- add army swap hot-key support inside the Castle dialog
- update the Swedish translation
- fix incorrect text area calculation for hot-key dialog
- make AI heroes on patrol return to their original position if nothing to do
- add a button to toggle on/off all spells in the Shrines and Castles for the Editor
- add Restart and Quick Save buttons in File Options dialog
- make Adventure Options button resizable for better translation support

> - allow to use Backward and Forward mouse buttons as hot-key buttons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- allow to use Backward and Forward mouse buttons as hot key buttons
```

- remove dangling shadow part of the Ultimate Artifact
- show hero levels in the Hero Meeting dialog
- allow to hold a character to repeat an action in the Virtual Keyboard
- add a new resolution icon
- show Turn Order dialog above the arena if there is enough space
- add missing popups for all buttons in the Hero Meeting dialog
- add missing popup dialog for Exit button in the Puzzle dialog
- set a limit on multi-line text input to avoid going beyond the dialog
- align Save Map right-click info with scenario selector
- update the Danish translation
- add support for simultaneous playback of multiple videos
- add ability to delete maps from the map lists
- do not show cell selection frame when no monster is selected for a brush in the Editor
- update the German translation
- add up and down arrows for multiline dialog
- retry other spells from the guaranteed list if the chosen spell was not added
- update the Ukrainian translation
- update the Hungarian translation
- grammar fix for winning condition
- add initial iOS support
- remove translation need to numbers
- fix an assertion for a map already being created by the previous engine version

> - fix changing the resource count in the Editor for new placed resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- fix changing the resource amount in the Editor for newly placed resources
```
